New Delhi:Results for the All India Common Entrance test are still not out but post graduate medical seats for the academic year 2013-2014 have already been sold off. A Supreme Court order prohibits medical colleges to reveal results of the independent entrance tests that they conduct.Santosh Medical College in Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh and People's Medical College in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh have been caught on camera asking for obscene amounts of money for seats. Post graduate seats are sold off for crores of rupees while legitimate and qualifying students are paid lakhs for vacating them for "resale". Colleges are also hiring doctors to fudge medical inspections.A CNN-IBN expos shows how medical seats are sold off for crores while legitimate students are paid lakhs for vacating them for resale."If I leave the seat, I will get Rs 20-25 lakh for leaving the seat of the private medical college so later they can sell the seat to someone else. MCI and government don't have proper system to check that a particular student should not take admission in more than one college at a time," a student said on the condition of anonymity.The story was the same in Subharti Medical College in Meerut, Uttar Pradesh where the director of the college, RP Singh, demanded Rs 60 lakh rupees along with Rs 8 lakh admission fee from the CNN-IBN reporter for one diploma seat. Directors of People's Medical College admitted on camera that most seats for 2013 have been sold even before the Supreme Court verdict came out. A seat to study radiology was sold upto 2016 for Rs 1 crore.At Mullana Medical College in Ambala, Haryana, the officer-in-charge suggested a unique way to beat the system - get admission in the NRI quota, even if one is not an NRI. All one has to do is ensure the payment is made through a foreign account and provide an affidavit showing that the student is a ward of the foreign account holder.However, Santosh Medical College said all the allegation made against the institution are false. "It seems to be the work of someone to malign our institution. It is denied that our institution charges capitation fee. As a responsible organization we have initiated an internal enquiry. The Director personnel has been appointed as enquiry officer," the college said.The Subharti Medical College, Mullana Medical College and the ITS Dental College did not comment on the investigation.Medical college faculty members admitted that they can't fight corrupt managements. "Dental Council of India (DCI) does periodic inspection. We need to have minimum criteria for 30 patients or 50 per day. We hire the faculty and patients on the day of inspection and that's how it works," said a faculty member.In April 2010, President of the Medical Council of India (MCI) Dr Ketan Desai was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation for taking a Rs 2 crore bribe to recognize a medical college in Punjab. A CNN-IBN investigation had also showed how a cartel led by Desai flouted MCI norms to mint money.Students with no science background were given admission into MBBS courses and colleges with no infrastructure were granted licenses. The government had then dissolved the MCI and replaced it with a board of governors. However, three years on the situation has not changed.For the last three years CNN-IBN has been airing stories of corruption in the MCI and DCI, but the result has just been token decisions by the government. CNN-IBN has also been showing how medical education regulators have been approving sub-standard medical and dental colleges and allowing them to flourish. The apathy, however, is leading to production of dummy doctors in the country.